docs(tabs-primitive): usage guides (#883)
twilio-labs/paste: packages/paste-website/src/pages/primitives/tabs-primitive/index.mdx

export const pageQuery = graphql`
  {
    allPastePrimitive(filter: {name: {eq: "@twilio-paste/tabs-primitive"}}) {
      edges {
        node {
          name
          description
          status
          version
        }
      }
    }
    mdx(fields: {slug: {eq: "/tabs-primitive/"}}) {
      fileAbsolutePath
      frontmatter {
        slug
        title
      }
      headings {
        depth
        value
      }
    }
  }
`;

<ComponentHeader
  name="Tabs Primitive"
  categoryRoute={SidebarCategoryRoutes.PRIMITIVES}
  githubUrl="https://github.com/twilio-labs/paste/tree/main/packages/paste-core/primitives/tabs"
  storybookUrl="https://twilio-labs.github.io/paste/?path=/story/primitives-tabs--horizontal-tabs"
  data={props.data.allPastePrimitive.edges}
/>

---

<contentwrapper>

<PageAside data={props.data.mdx} />

<content>

## Guidelines

### About the Tabs Primitive

The Tabs primitive is an unstyled, functional version of a tabset component. It can be used to build a component following the [WAI-ARIA Tabs Pattern](https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-practices/#tabpanel). Our Tabs component is built on top of this primitive.

> This unstyled primitive is to be used when the styled [Tabs](/components/tabs) provided by Paste doesn&rsquo;t meet the requirements needed to solve a unique customer problem. At that point, you are welcome to fallback to this functional primitive to roll your own styled Tabs while still providing a functional and accessible experience to your customers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This unstyled primitive is to be used when the styled [Tabs](/components/tabs) provided by Paste doesn&rsquo;t meet the requirements needed to solve a unique customer problem. At that point, you are welcome to fall back to this functional primitive to roll your own styled Tabs while still providing a functional and accessible experience to your customers.
```

    TabPrimitive,
    TabPrimitivePanel,
  }}
  noInline
>
  {horizontalExample}
</LivePreview>

#### Vertical Tabset

<LivePreview
  scope={{
    useTabPrimitiveState,
    TabPrimitiveList,
    TabPrimitive,
    TabPrimitivePanel,
    Stack,
    Box,
  }}
  noInline
>
  {verticalExample}
</LivePreview>

---

### Styling a Custom Tabset

The tab primitive can be styled using Paste components and tokens. By using the `as` prop, we can
change the underlying element and combine it with another component. In the example below we're combining
the `TabPrimitive` with a custom `Box` component. We are rendering the `TabPrimitive` as `CustomTab`, passing down
the necessary props from the state hook and combining those with `Box` styling props.

<LivePreview
  scope={{
    useTabPrimitiveState,
    TabPrimitiveList,
    TabPrimitive,
    TabPrimitivePanel,
    Stack,
    Box,
  }}
  noInline
>
  {styledExample}
</LivePreview>

---

## Usage Guide

This package is a wrapper around the [Reakit Tab](https://reakit.io/docs/tab/). If you&rsquo;re wondering why we wrapped that package into our own, we reasoned that it would be best for our consumers&rsquo; developer experience. For example:

> - If we want to migrate the underlying nuts and bolts in the future, Twilio products that depend on this primitive would need to replace all occurrences of `import … from 'x-package'` to `import … from '@some-new/package'`. By wrapping it in `@twilio-paste/x-primitive`, this refactor can be avoided. The only change would be a version bump in the ‘package.json` file for the primitive.

Reviewer 2: You might consider re-wording this first bullet. In reading only the first sentence, it seems like I might need to replace all occurrences of that import line. It only becomes clear in the second sentence that I _won't_ have to do that because we wrapped Reakit. I think just switching the order of the sentences and tweaking the wording accordingly would make it more clear.

- We can more strictly enforce semver and backwards compatibility than some of our dependencies.
- We can control when to provide an update and which versions we allow, to help reduce potential bugs our consumers may face.
- We can control which APIs we expose. For example, we may chose to enable or disable usage of certain undocumented APIs.

### Installation

```bash

> yarn add @twilio-paste/core

Author: Fair.
